Sect master : [[Cheon Jang-jong (천장종) - The Unmoved Palm]] 
**Philosophy**: _"Strength flows from within, but only discipline shapes it."_  
The Iron Palm Sect is a powerhouse of internal strength and external mastery. Founded deep in the storm-beaten mountains where only the toughest survive, the sect believes the human body can be refined beyond the limits of flesh and that power come trough pain. Through unyielding discipline, meditation, and brutal training, disciples of the Iron Palm Sect harden their bodies into living weapons. Fighters training in half-collapsed huts, smashing fists into tree trunks until bark stains with blood. Their “sect” is a loose chain of hideouts and camps, united less by creed and more by shared pain and loyalty. Cheon Jang-jong Their training is mostly just fighting and pushing the body to its limits the more pain u feel and the more ur body gets demolished the more it will grow stronger once recovered , techniques like whipping and putting hands in hot water , and lifting heavy objects for prolonged time , sometimes even having sessions of hitting one anther with all their might all over the body just so it get bruised and weak all these are way of the Iron Palm sect and the reasons why their bodies are the strongest and hardest to breach. Every strike is a calculated fusion of breath, force, and inner energy, turning muscle and bone into tools of pure destruction.Training in the sect is relentless. Outer sect disciples strike ironwood trees for years, submerge their arms in heated sand and gravel, and meditate beneath freezing waterfalls until pain becomes silence. Their bodies are not only hardened they are disciplined instruments of will. Their main focus isn't power or strength but simple defense and peace of the body, they act more like group of bandits more than a sect , they have only couple of hideouts trough the province and they are mostly poor and barely surviving , their only income is for hosting a yearly tournament of [[Ssireum (씨름)]] which gathered people from around the world to compete to be the champions, Iron Palm prospered here as their power in the defense and knowledge of body was vastly better the others with their fighter usualy being in top 3 nonstop , this tournament gave them money from the bets that people bet on the fights with which they survive the years , luckily their way of life is also simple and  minimal as most of the time they train and for food they hunt .